1 a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films	
1 a real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .	
0 a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	
1 ` anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '	
0 a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .	
0 an infuriating film .	
0 stealing harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : a few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .	
1 a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	
0 it 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	
1 there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .	
0 what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .	
1 an impressive hybrid .	
0 the script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .	
0 it ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	
1 it is definitely worth seeing .	
0 it does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .	
0 constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	
0 quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	
0 feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .	
1 i 'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .	
0 tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	
0 bad movie .	
1 and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	
1 everyone 's insecure in lovely and amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .	
1 the movie is brilliant , really .	
1 what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .	
1 solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh 's best films , `` erin brockovich , '' `` out of sight '' and `` ocean 's eleven , '' never were .	
1 captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .	
0 as pedestrian as they come .	
0 the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's unintentionally funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .	
0 the film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the tv movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest irish pub scenes ever filmed .	
1 like the full monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .	
1 poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	
0 confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it .	
1 this movie is to be cherished .	
1 like the best 60 minutes	
1 it cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .	
1 uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .	
0 you have no affinity for most of the characters .	
0 it aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .	
0 i 'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	
0 extremely bad .	
1 as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	
1 about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .	
0 goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	
1 light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .	
1 a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	
1 is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .	
0 the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	
0 thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .	
0 a humorless journey into a philosophical void .	
1 i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	
0 `` abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .	
0 in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	
1 monte cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	
1 a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .	
0 comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	
1 scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario .	
0 borstal boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	
1 at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .	
1 sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first as best i remember , but still a very good time at the cinema .	
1 on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .	
1 one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .	
1 griffin & co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	
1 it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .	
0 does n't deserve a passing grade even on a curve .	
0 it 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .	
1 best of all is garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	
1 as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	
1 a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .	
1 jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	
1 this is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	
1 very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .	
1 i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .	
0 master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	
1 tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .	
0 an almost unbearably morbid love story .	
1 like shrek , spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	
1 throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .	
0 in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	
1 whether or not you 're enlightened by any of derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	
0 the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .	
1 just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	
1 ferrara 's best film in years .	
1 a riveting documentary .	
1 a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	
1 even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .	
1 as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	
1 polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .	
1 intriguing and stylish .	
1 whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .	
1 kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	
1 will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .	
1 for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .	
1 there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming without a thick shmear of the goo , at least , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .	
0 starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .	
1 ` drumline ' shows a level of young , black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .	
1 measured against practically any like-themed film other than its oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor the silence of the lambs , red dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .	
0 the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	
0 not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .	
1 labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .	
1 i can easily imagine benigni 's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial .	
1 a terrifically entertaining specimen of spielbergian sci-fi .	
0 build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .	
1 this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	
1 extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	
1 this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	
1 the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .	
0 this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .	
1 gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .	
1 there 's nothing like love to give a movie a b-12 shot , and cq shimmers with it .	
0 this pathetic junk is barely an hour long .	
1 it trusts the story it sets out to tell .	
1 graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .	
0 a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	
0 a full-frontal attack on audience patience .	
0 the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .	
0 staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	
0 the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	
1 the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .	
1 a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	
0 please , someone , stop eric schaeffer before he makes another film .	
1 the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .	
0 wedding feels a bit anachronistic .	
1 a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .	
0 the misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .	
0 if you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - -- decasia	
0 ` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '	
1 williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	
0 one sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .	
1 the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	
0 the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's hollywood .	
1 the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .	
0 i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .	
0 it 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	
1 as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .	
0 in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	
1 an intoxicating experience .	
1 one of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	
0 rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .	
1 overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .	
1 refreshing .	
0 the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .	
1 he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .	
1 the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	
1 this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .	
1 the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .	
1 diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .	
0 contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	
0 `` the adventures of pluto nash '' is a big time stinker .	
0 it 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .	
1 this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .	
0 a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	
0 the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .	
1 offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .	
1 it 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .	
0 astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .	
0 the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .	
1 be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .	
0 call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but i believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	
0 it 's all surface psychodramatics .	
1 the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .	
1 superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .	
0 terminally brain dead production .	
1 she may not be real , but the laughs are .	
1 it 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .	
0 fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .	
1 fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .	
1 morvern rocks .	
1 but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .	
1 bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	
0 most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .	
1 lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .	
0 without shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	
1 effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .	
1 the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .	
0 do n't even bother to rent this on video .	
1 one of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	
1 an uplifting , near-masterpiece .	
0 when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	
0 talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .	
1 an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .	
0 is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?	
1 in imax in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	
1 a thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .	
0 the plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	
1 nicole holofcener 's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .	
0 a story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	
1 michael moore 's latest documentary about america 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...	
1 another best of the year selection .	
0 there is nothing redeeming about this movie .	
0 bread , my sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	
0 a less-than-thrilling thriller .	
1 if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	
1 an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	
1 the first tunisian film i have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment i 'm likely to see all year .	
1 it 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	
0 behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting .	
0 a major waste ... generic .	
1 it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	
0 it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	
1 adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .	
1 an enthralling , entertaining feature .	
1 very well-written and very well-acted .	
1 the bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .	
1 a sexy , surprising romance ... idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	
1 in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	
1 a taut , sobering film .	
1 `` 13 conversations about one thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	
0 you 'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	
1 a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .	
0 ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .	
0 if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you .	
0 big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	
1 it 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	
0 cinematic poo .	
1 a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .	
1 weaver and lapaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	
0 it 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	
1 rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .	
1 it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .	
1 the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	
0 jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .	
1 beautifully produced .	
0 what 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .	
1 director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about drumline is its energy .	
1 a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .	
1 a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	
1 between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	
0 plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv 's dawson 's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .	
1 a vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	
1 others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	
1 the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	
1 this method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	
0 the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .	
1 a must see for all sides of the political spectrum	
1 the emperor 's club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	
1 every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .	
0 burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	
1 what makes this film special is serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	
0 tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .	
1 a film in a class with spike lee 's masterful do the right thing .	
0 it is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .	
0 control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible	
0 this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	
0 there 's already been too many of these films ...	
1 a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .	
0 time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	
0 oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .	
1 e.t. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	
0 there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	
0 the only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .	
0 aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .	
0 fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .	
1 a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	
1 in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand .	
0 long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	
1 it is also beautifully acted .	
1 what 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .	
1 spy kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : it actually improves upon the original hit movie .	
0 seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .	
0 a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .	
1 a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .	
1 with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .	
1 at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .	
0 once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	
1 a tremendous piece of work .	
0 the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	
1 if you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	
0 it 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .	
0 the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	
0 irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .	
1 skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .	
1 a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .	
1 full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .	
1 the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .	
1 fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	
1 intriguing and downright intoxicating .	
0 even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .	
1 as gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an asian landscape painting .	
0 thoroughly awful .	
1 there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	
0 features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .	
1 the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .	
0 the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	
1 highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .	
0 imagine if possible a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .	
1 kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .	
1 greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .	
0 unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .	
1 charlie hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a dickensian hero .	
0 think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world 's most generic rock star .	
1 brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .	
1 the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	
1 a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .	
0 the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .	
0 this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .	
0 a summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	
0 a predictable , manipulative stinker .	
0 the premise itself is just sooooo tired .	
1 as averse as i usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .	
0 alas , getting there is not even half the interest .	
0 ` punch-drunk love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '	
0 philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .	
0 frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	
1 you 'll probably love it .	
0 truly terrible .	
0 i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	
1 holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	
1 this beautifully animated epic is never dull .	
1 this is the best star trek movie in a long time .	
0 this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .	
0 the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .	
1 with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	
0 the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .	
0 such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	
1 remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .	
1 a true-blue delight .	
0 if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .	
1 smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play .	
1 writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	
1 a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli\/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	
1 sexy and romantic .	
1 bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .	
1 gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	
0 loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	
1 better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .	
0 press the delete key .	
0 crummy .	
1 a funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .	
0 very stupid and annoying .	
1 an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	
0 makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .	
0 plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .	
0 what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie .	
0 a semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	
0 i do n't blame eddie murphy but should n't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?	
0 be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .	
0 no amount of nostalgia for carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .	
1 one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	
1 if you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .	
0 done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	
1 this gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	
1 a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	
1 see it .	
1 a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	
1 a weird and wonderful comedy .	
1 twenty years after its first release , e.t. remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg 's misunderstood career .	
1 visually captivating .	
0 a bad movie that happened to good actors .	
0 it is n't that stealing harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	
1 it 's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .	
1 an ambitious movie that , like shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .	
0 it 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .	
1 the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .	
1 laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .	
0 imagine kevin smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	
1 it 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	
0 to call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .	
0 this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .	
0 you 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .	
0 not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	
1 miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .	
1 the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .	
1 a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	
0 is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	
0 an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	
1 a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	
0 instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .	
1 `` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	
0 would benigni 's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	
0 no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	
1 though in some ways similar to catherine breillat 's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .	
1 that the real antwone fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	
1 a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan .	
0 i have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	
1 a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .	
0 this is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	
1 rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen 's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .	
1 canadian filmmaker gary burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .	
1 executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .	
0 the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .	
1 it 's a glorious spectacle like those d.w. griffith made in the early days of silent film .	
0 like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	
1 the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .	
0 skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .	
0 the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '	
1 while maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among wiseman 's warmest .	
1 hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .	
1 blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .	
1 ms. hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda 's ultimate fate .	
0 but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	
1 almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what william james once called ` the gift of tears . '	
1 hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	
1 see scratch for the history , see scratch for the music , see scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	
1 the wanton slipperiness of \* corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	
0 it 's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` got aids yet ? ''	
1 in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .	
0 collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .	
1 a beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .	
0 such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	
0 two hours of junk .	
1 nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	
0 was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	
0 both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .	
1 jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	
0 this thing is just garbage .	
0 becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .	
1 one of the most original american productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .	
0 there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .	
0 the adventures of pluto nash is a whole lot of nada .	
1 one regards reign of fire with awe .	
0 an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .	
0 there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .	
0 the paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final restored third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	
1 both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .	
0 i still want my money back .	
0 a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia	
0 kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	
1 shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .	
0 merely and literally tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	
1 like brosnan 's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .	
1 a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .	
0 no , i hate it .	
0 the movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	
1 the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases	
1 think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .	
0 this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	
0 a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .	
0 then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	
0 ` the war of the roses , ' trailer-trash style .	
1 one of the most exciting action films to come out of china in recent years .	
0 what we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	
1 as a science fiction movie , `` minority report '' astounds .	
1 easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .	
0 an awful snooze .	
0 a real snooze .	
0 the most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	
0 a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	
0 distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .	
1 it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .	
1 the pianist is a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .	
0 a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .	
1 one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .	
0 a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .	
1 it 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	
0 it 's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	
1 maggie g. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .	
0 the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	
1 a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	
0 but the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	
1 deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .	
0 for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience	
1 every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .	
0 rob schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill the hot chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	
1 a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .	
0 stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .	
1 a fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote shakespeare 's plays .	
0 kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .	
0 aggravating and tedious .	
1 a miraculous movie , i 'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .	
0 and it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .	
1 one of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	
0 loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	
1 a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park 's .	
0 rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	
0 it 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	
0 there 's nothing to gain from watching they .	
0 obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	
1 the best comedy concert movie i 've seen since cho 's previous concert comedy film , i 'm the one that i want , in 2000 .	
1 it 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .	
1 the genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	
1 offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	
0 a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .	
1 third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !	
0 downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .	
1 raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of spider-man to the big screen .	
1 leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	
1 the year 's greatest adventure , and jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	
1 a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .	
0 most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	
1 one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...	
0 a dreary movie .	
0 there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	
1 it is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	
1 more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .	
1 except it 's much , much better .	
0 but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	
1 insanely hilarious !	
1 neil burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .	
1 an example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .	
0 this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	
0 the only camouflage carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .	
1 laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .	
0 this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	
1 still rapturous after all these years , cinema paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	
1 witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	
1 perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	
0 worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .	
0 the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes of which they 'll get plenty fills me with revulsion .	
0 if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	
1 the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	
1 entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare i say , entertaining !	
1 the aaa of action , xxx is a blast of adrenalin , rated eee for excitement .	
1 a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .	
1 that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .	
1 godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	
1 delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .	
0 a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .	
1 an engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	
1 the film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .	
0 the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in this meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .	
0 cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .	
0 the film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	
1 spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	
0 swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .	
1 isabelle huppert excels as the enigmatic mika and anna mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .	
1 provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .	
1 a wildly entertaining scan of evans ' career .	
1 gangster no. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .	
0 abysmally pathetic	
1 quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	
0 an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	
0 collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .	
1 a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	
1 a refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .	
1 spielberg 's realization of a near-future america is masterful .	
0 what starts off as a possible argentine american beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	
0 to be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god 's sake !	
0 the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .	
1 a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .	
0 the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .	
0 viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .	
1 it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .	
0 mr. soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	
0 they were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .	
1 jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .	
1 but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	
0 this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	
1 the universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` baran . '	
1 kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	
1 each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .	
1 though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog 's works , invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	
0 if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo .	
1 mr. caine and mr. fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .	
1 it 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .	
1 the best animated feature to hit theaters since beauty and the beast 11 years ago .	
1 a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	
1 but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .	
0 boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .	
0 what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .	
1 like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .	
0 why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .	
1 a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .	
0 director hoffman , his writer and kline 's agent should serve detention	
0 this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	
0 it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .	
0 sorority boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .	
1 seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing .	
0 a frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .	
1 this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	
1 unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	
0 another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .	
1 the rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .	
1 the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	
1 one of the best movies of the year .	
1 not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .	
1 one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	
1 elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .	
0 depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .	
1 the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .	
0 like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .	
1 a burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .	
1 the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .	
1 serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	
0 a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	
1 my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	
1 this is a movie you can trust .	
1 forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .	
0 once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	
0 in a big corner office in hell , satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his r&d people , and has decided he will just screen the master of disguise 24\/7 .	
0 a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	
1 a new film from bill plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	
1 a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	
0 director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .	
0 sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even freeman ca n't save it .	
1 it 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .	
1 bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	
0 run for your lives !	
1 one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .	
1 adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	
0 we assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .	
0 all the queen 's men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .	
1 a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .	
1 it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .	
0 most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .	
0 the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .	
0 would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	
0 the nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	
1 still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	
1 the movie is a trove of delights .	
1 thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .	
1 terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .	
1 an enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .	
0 derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	
1 a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	
0 it all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .	
0 i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	
1 a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .	
0 it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .	
0 dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	
0 the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .	
1 borrows a bit from the classics `` wait until dark '' and `` extremities '' ... but in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .	
1 while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .	
1 hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .	
1 informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .	
1 a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .	
0 it 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	
1 my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .	
1 stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by dustin hoffman that is revelatory .	
1 brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .	
0 fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	
1 stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	
0 the master of disguise is awful .	
0 the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .	
1 with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .	
0 unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .	
1 lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	
1 viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	
0 madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like michael jackson 's nose .	
1 enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .	
1 the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .	
1 the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	
1 knows how to make our imagination wonder .	
0 my own minority report is that it stinks .	
1 an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .	
1 a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .	
1 it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	
0 aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	
0 this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .	
1 it 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	
0 this flat run at a hip-hop tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of pootie tang in between its punchlines .	
0 lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .	
1 foster and whitaker are especially fine .	
0 it made me feel unclean , and i 'm the guy who liked there 's something about mary and both american pie movies .	
1 leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	
1 it 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .	
0 an appalling ` ace ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton .	
1 i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !	
1 a highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-augustinian theology : is god stuck in heaven because he 's afraid of his best-known creation ?	
0 the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	
0 but this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	
1 the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .	
1 a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	
0 the characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .	
0 so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	
1 the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .	
0 it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	
0 all the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .	
1 enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .	
1 it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .	
0 there is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	
1 i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .	
1 writer and director otar iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .	
0 this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	
1 swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .	
1 hopkins , squarely fills the screen .	
1 ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .	
0 attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	
1 it 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what aniston has always needed to grow into a movie career .	
1 wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .	
1 like vardalos and corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by joel zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	
1 a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .	
1 an intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist not to mention gently political meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .	
0 tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .	
1 a compassionate , moving portrait of an american and an america always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	
0 dramatically lackluster .	
0 the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .	
1 this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	
1 enticing and often funny documentary .	
1 it 's never dull and always looks good .	
0 scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .	
0 muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .	
0 mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	
1 it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	
0 staggeringly dreadful romance .	
0 it 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	
1 hugh grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in about a boy .	
1 the trailer is a riot .	
0 if there 's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .	
0 an uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , the grey zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	
1 a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .	
1 sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .	
1 sweetly sexy , funny and touching .	
0 it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .	
0 the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .	
0 a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .	
1 impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	
1 more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .	
1 muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .	
1 a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .	
1 `` home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	
1 a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	
0 nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	
1 time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .	
1 like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	
0 nothing about this movie works .	
1 even if you 've seen `` stomp '' the stage show , you still have to see this !	
1 secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .	
1 if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .	
1 you have to see it .	
1 all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	
0 gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .	
1 daring and beautifully made .	
1 judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	
0 to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	
1 that , in itself , is extraordinary .	
1 like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	
1 an exhilarating experience .	
1 the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .	
1 lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .	
0 the movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	
1 it 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	
0 a laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .	
0 banal and predictable .	
0 it just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on or be entertained by .	
0 a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	
0 ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	
1 cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	
0 it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	
1 jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .	
0 it sucked .	
1 arguably the best script that besson has written in years .	
0 a ragbag of cliches .	
1 an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	
1 both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	
1 amazing !	
0 a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	
1 a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film	
0 guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .	
1 a good music documentary , probably one of the best since the last waltz .	
0 the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	
1 the movie is well crafted , and well executed .	
1 the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	
0 depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .	
1 the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .	
1 a serious movie with serious ideas .	
0 i have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .	
1 colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .	
0 when you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	
0 nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	
0 the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	
1 a mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .	
0 despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie	
1 while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	
1 the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .	
0 true to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` the country bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	
0 like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	
1 unpretentious , charming , quirky , original	
0 on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	
0 movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .	
1 sex with strangers is fascinating ...	
0 all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .	
0 mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	
0 this thing is virtually unwatchable .	
1 in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	
0 gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	
1 it 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	
1 if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .	
0 i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	
0 dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .	
1 infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .	
1 it 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	
1 the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .	
0 unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	
1 the film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .	
1 mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	
1 director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .	
0 you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	
1 just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	
0 thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents	
1 tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	
1 compellingly watchable .	
1 with each of her three protagonists , miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	
1 their work is fantastic .	
0 festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	
1 those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look .	
1 thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	
1 the film is one of the year 's best .	
0 this is just lazy writing .	
1 last orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	
0 totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are the greatest musicians of all time .	
1 morton deserves an oscar nomination .	
0 a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .	
1 a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .	
0 by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	
1 the most brilliant and brutal uk crime film since jack carter went back to newcastle , the first half of gangster no. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .	
1 a moving and important film .	
1 more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	
1 shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .	
1 hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	
0 the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .	
1 poetry in motion captured on film .	
0 unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title .	
1 a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .	
0 a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai 's vaunted empathy .	
0 never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .	
1 arliss howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	
1 vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .	
0 it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	
1 serious and thoughtful .	
1 often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	
1 the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	
1 an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .	
0 the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .	
0 we started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` chris rock , ' ` anthony hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some univac-like script machine .	
1 witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .	
1 ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .	
0 this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .	
0 this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	
0 unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .	
0 soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	
0 it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .	
0 a boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-century crime as a metaphor for -- well , i 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .	
0 it 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni .	
0 the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	
1 astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	
1 it 's a fun adventure movie for kids of all ages that like adventure .	
1 begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	
1 well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .	
0 i 've never seen a remake do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra 's classic ...	
0 her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .	
1 smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .	
1 showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	
0 the sheer dumbness of the plot other than its one good idea and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	
1 kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .	
1 this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .	
0 it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .	
0 the crap continues .	
1 bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .	
0 black-and-white and unrealistic .	
1 bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	
0 you could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	
0 this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson 's e !	
1 an action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	
1 writer\/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	
0 generic thriller junk .	
1 road to perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .	
0 it 's so badly made on every level that i 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	
0 i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	
0 what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .	
1 nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	
1 a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .	
1 raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	
1 romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	
0 what you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .	
1 piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	
0 one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .	
1 the movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman 's barking-mad taylor to thewlis 's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany\/mcdowell 's hard-eyed gangster .	
1 will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .	
0 as exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	
1 highly watchable stuff .	
0 a half-assed film .	
1 beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .	
0 the irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .	
1 kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .	
0 mr. deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	
0 with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	
1 insightfully written , delicately performed	
0 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	
1 what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .	
1 you 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .	
0 a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .	
1 a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	
0 has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together tv episodes .	
0 this is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	
1 one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	
1 stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .	
1 barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	
1 more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	
1 but mr. polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr. spielberg 's 1993 classic .	
0 this tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	
0 we do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	
0 it 's uninteresting .	
0 but if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	
0 skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .	
0 it 's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	
1 devos and cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	
1 the performances are remarkable .	
0 it appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	
0 as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .	
1 ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .	
0 it 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .	
0 far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .	
0 you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .	
1 finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	
1 an odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .	
0 there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	
0 the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	
0 where 's the movie here ?	
0 that chirpy songbird britney spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	
1 that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	
0 it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	
1 a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	
0 ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .	
0 after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .	
0 a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .	
0 it 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .	
0 this is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .	
0 the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .	
1 with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	
0 muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	
1 romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	
1 a deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .	
0 the movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .	
0 although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	
1 the film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .	
0 it 's splash without the jokes .	
0 it 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , mad cows .	
1 one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .	
1 an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .	
1 try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .	
1 without resorting to camp or parody , haynes like sirk , but differently has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	
0 get out your pooper-scoopers .	
0 the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .	
0 a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre	
1 he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .	
1 a triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .	
1 one of the year 's best films , featuring an oscar-worthy performance by julianne moore .	
0 it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	
0 a lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .	
0 a plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .	
1 dramas like this make it human .	
1 the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .	
1 cusack 's just brilliant in this .	
1 a joyous occasion	
1 a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .	
0 hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	
1 leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .	
1 those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	
1 changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	
1 grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to toback 's heidegger - and nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	
0 rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .	
1 this is a very funny , heartwarming film .	
1 the movie is ingenious fun .	
0 but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '	
1 at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	
0 no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	
1 some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	
0 in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	
1 the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .	
1 the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .	
1 in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .	
1 that 's fun for kids of any age .	
1 it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .	
0 it 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .	
0 in fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .	
1 it 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .	
0 a rumor of angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .	
0 the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .	
0 a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .	
1 broomfield is energized by volletta wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .	
0 kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .	
1 brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke 's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .	
1 the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .	
0 despite bearing the paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement european pickup .	
0 a profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .	
0 the worst film of the year .	
0 instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the x games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .	
1 both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .	
1 a captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .	
1 by turns very dark and very funny .	
1 australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	
0 an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	
0 i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .	
1 as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	
0 after seeing the film , i can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	
1 i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .	
1 if `` lilo & stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .	
1 samuel l. jackson is one of the best actors there is .	
0 this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	
1 victor rosa is leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	
1 a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	
0 the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .	
1 amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	
1 ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .	
1 birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .	
1 all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .	
0 many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and i do n't think that a.c. will help this movie one bit .	
1 the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	
1 not to mention absolutely refreshed .	
0 the appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .	
1 berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` die another day '' one of the most entertaining bonds in years	
1 both lead performances are oscar-size .	
0 the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .	
1 maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	
1 labute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	
1 a compelling film .	
1 provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .	
1 elegant and eloquent meditation on death and that most elusive of passions , love .	
1 that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .	
0 the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	
0 instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	
1 it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .	
0 why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?	
1 like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	
0 below is well below expectations .	
1 it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .	
0 to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs. sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	
1 sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' .	
1 brian tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .	
1 half past dead is just such an achievement .	
1 its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .	
1 a colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .	
0 for the rest of us , sitting through dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .	
1 a dazzling dream of a documentary .	
1 with an admirably dark first script by brent hanley , paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	
1 the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...	
1 the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .	
0 it 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	
0 it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	
0 for the future , one hopes mr. plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .	
1 transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the x into the games .	
0 the film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .	
0 just plain bad .	
1 this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .	
0 for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	
1 the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .	
0 the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .	
0 comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	
1 a smart , compelling drama .	
1 is one of this year 's very best pictures .	
1 even better than the first one !	
0 the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos had n't blown them all up .	
1 it 's that good .	
0 if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it .	
1 matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !	
0 a vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg 's brilliant ` videodrome . '	
1 this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .	
1 engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .	
0 is a mess .	
1 it is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .	
0 from the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` besotted '' is misbegotten	
1 nicole kidman makes it a party worth attending .	
1 an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .	
0 the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	
1 watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .	
0 the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .	
1 a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans but by no means all will have fun with .	
0 a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .	
0 hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	
1 captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	
0 it 's still terrible !	
0 haneke 's script from elfriede jelinek 's novel is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	
1 nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .	
1 i like this movie a lot .	
1 spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .	
1 the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .	
0 it 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .	
0 the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .	
1 it 's the kind of movie that , aside from robert altman , spike lee , the coen brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .	
0 some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .	
0 the movie is a dud .	
0 it 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	
1 this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	
1 an inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	
1 robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .	
0 you can fire a torpedo through some of clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any oscars .	
0 an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .	
0 unfortunately , kapur modernizes a.e.w. mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks `` the four feathers '' bare .	
0 spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations	
0 the project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .	
1 as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	
1 tells a fascinating , compelling story .	
0 a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	
0 it 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .	
0 perhaps the grossest movie ever made .	
0 not counting a few gross-out comedies i 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .	
1 brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .	
0 a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .	
0 for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .	
1 i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .	
1 a thought-provoking picture .	
1 scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	
0 it 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .	
0 pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	
0 this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .	
0 by the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .	
1 excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .	
0 as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .	
1 an exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	
0 interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .	
0 completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	
0 in the end , there is n't much to it .	
1 davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .	
1 filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	
1 maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .	
1 i have n't laughed that hard in years !	
1 filled with alexandre desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	
1 ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .	
1 as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	
1 melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	
0 after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .	
1 a jaw-droppingly beautiful work	
1 moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .	
0 starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .	
1 majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	
1 p.t. anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .	
1 a moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer	
0 horrible .	
0 what 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	
1 a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	
1 what a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .	
0 to paraphrase a line from another dickens ' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	
1 you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .	
1 the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .	
1 works because reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .	
1 chamber of secrets will find millions of eager fans .	
1 an excellent sequel .	
1 this film puts wang at the forefront of china 's sixth generation of film makers .	
0 this would-be ` james bond for the extreme generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .	
0 stealing harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	
0 a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .	
0 for dance completists only .	
0 as steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .	
0 it 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars	
1 the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	
0 it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	
0 there 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	
1 thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	
1 a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	
0 you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	
1 and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	
0 this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '	
1 an extraordinary dramatic experience .	
1 a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .	
0 execrable .	
1 great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	
0 poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .	
0 the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .	
0 you ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	
1 jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	
1 a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .	
0 the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld who is also one of the film 's producers do everything he can to look like a good guy .	
0 it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .	
1 a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	
1 as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .	
0 reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	
0 what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	
0 all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .	
1 consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .	
1 one of the best , most understated performances of jack nicholson 's career .	
0 make like the title and dodge this one .	
1 happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .	
1 delirious fun .	
1 ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	
1 if a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then they works spectacularly well ... a shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	
1 allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	
0 a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .	
0 manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .	
0 loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	
1 a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	
1 spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods .	
0 even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .	
0 terrible .	
1 a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .	
0 if you 're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	
1 fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .	
0 this is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in september .	
1 return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	
0 it 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	
1 rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	
1 jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	
1 kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .	
1 surprisingly powerful and universal .	
1 boisterous , heartfelt comedy .	
0 the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .	
1 better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .	
1 if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	
1 a fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	
1 flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	
1 woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	
1 not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	
0 the movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .	
0 vulgar is too optimistic a title .	
1 it makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	
1 an animation landmark as monumental as disney 's 1937 breakthrough snow white and the seven dwarfs .	
0 it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	
1 hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u.s. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .	
1 even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	
1 with a cast of a-list brit actors , it is worth searching out .	
0 none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .	
1 a surprisingly funny movie .	
1 but mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	
1 likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	
1 working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli ... ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	
1 a naturally funny film , home movie makes you crave chris smith 's next movie .	
0 what an embarrassment .	
0 given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .	
1 beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .	
0 does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the sundance film festival two years ago .	
1 the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .	
1 pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .	
1 bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .	
0 purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .	
0 even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	
1 intelligent and moving .	
1 like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling murder by numbers delivers a magnetic performance .	
1 it 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	
0 feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	
1 a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .	
0 for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	
1 a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .	
0 in terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .	
0 as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	
0 not only is entry number twenty the worst of the brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	
0 a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	
0 it 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .	
1 drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	
0 a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	
0 as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	
1 this is one of the year 's best films .	
1 visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .	
1 runs on the pure adrenalin of pacino 's performance .	
1 with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	
0 journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	
0 contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .	
0 what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	
1 it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .	
1 steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	
0 oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	
0 what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .	
1 but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	
0 ` in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	
0 once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .	
1 a heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .	
0 the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .	
0 it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .	
1 a gem of a movie .	
0 i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls	
1 a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .	
1 with ` bowling for columbine , ' michael moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	
1 it 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	
0 like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .	
1 a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .	
0 sluggish , tonally uneven .	
0 this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .	
1 a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	
0 offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .	
1 read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .	
1 peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .	
0 the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito 's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	
0 a preposterous , prurient whodunit .	
1 jagger , stoppard and director michael apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .	
0 but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr. de niro .	
0 the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	
0 you may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	
0 bad and baffling from the get-go .	
0 but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .	
0 pompous and garbled .	
1 but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	
1 perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	
1 he has a great cast and a great idea .	
0 the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .	
0 just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	
0 no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .	
1 this is a superior horror flick .	
0 in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs. sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	
1 some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and heaven is one such beast .	
0 dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	
0 it 's just merely very bad .	
0 bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .	
1 there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	
0 is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house .	
1 what makes how i killed my father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	
0 the three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .	
0 the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .	
1 moving and vibrant .	
0 it 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	
1 light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .	
1 great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .	
0 this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .	
1 a stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .	
1 it 's always enthralling .	
1 strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .	
0 yes , i suppose it 's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i did n't .	
1 one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .	
1 a slick , engrossing melodrama .	
1 it 's worth taking the kids to .	
0 i 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .	
1 a captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...	
1 the film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	
1 simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	
0 it 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .	
1 a small gem from belgium .	
1 this is an interesting movie ! ''	
0 it should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	
0 under-rehearsed and lifeless	
0 the rest of the film ... is dudsville .	
0 a long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .	
0 given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	
0 completely awful iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	
0 the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	
1 both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .	
0 personally , i 'd rather watch them on the animal planet .	
0 it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .	
0 an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	
1 delightfully rendered	
0 tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	
1 in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .	
1 in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .	
0 there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .	
1 an invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .	
1 a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento ...	
1 an intelligently made and beautifully edited picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the hollywood pipeline without a hitch .	
1 a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .	
0 feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	
0 utter mush ... conceited pap .	
0 idiotic and ugly .	
1 the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .	
1 offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	
0 cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .	
0 hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever .	
0 it 's that painful .	
1 its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .	
1 she 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	
0 in my own very humble opinion , in praise of love lacks even the most fragmented charms i have found in almost all of his previous works .	
1 meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since the empire strikes back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	
1 a first-class , thoroughly involving b movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .	
0 glazed with a tawdry b-movie scum .	
0 this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .	
1 painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .	
1 mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by india 's popular gulzar and jagjit singh .	
1 one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .	
0 an ugly , pointless , stupid movie .	
0 what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	
0 we ca n't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .	
1 takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	
1 the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .	
1 a beautiful , entertaining two hours .	
0 the only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .	
0 beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	
0 with a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of the longest yard .	
0 no amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .	
1 standing in the shadows of motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .	
0 it 's just rather leaden and dull .	
0 a fifty car pileup of cliches .	
0 if you go , pack your knitting needles .	
1 a witty , low-key romantic comedy .	
1 it 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	
0 sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	
0 feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .	
0 other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	
1 there 's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	
0 further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	
1 good , solid storytelling .	
0 there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	
1 an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	
0 none of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .	
0 this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .	
1 the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .	
0 characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	
1 the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	
0 rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .	
0 plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	
0 yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero .	
1 it 's a hoot watching the rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	
1 it 's a cool event for the whole family .	
0 starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .	
1 are both superb , while huppert ... is magnificent .	
1 i love the robust middle of this picture .	
1 the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	
0 their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .	
1 combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	
0 strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .	
0 not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .	
0 the acting is n't much better .	
1 the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .	
0 disgusting .	
1 while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	
1 a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .	
1 the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	
0 certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .	
0 i ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	
1 steven spielberg brings us another masterpiece	
0 at the one-hour mark , herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .	
1 the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .	
0 no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .	
0 the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .	
0 about as enjoyable , i would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .	
1 duvall is strong as always .	
1 nair 's cast is so large it 's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .	
1 morvern callar confirms lynne ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .	
1 a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .	
0 the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .	
1 mike white 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` the good girl '' a film worth watching .	
1 a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	
1 nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	
0 boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	
0 should have gone straight to video .	
0 one of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .	
1 if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .	
0 after you laugh once maybe twice , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .	
0 ` martin lawrence live ' is so self-pitying , i almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .	
0 `` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	
0 at times , it actually hurts to watch .	
0 stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .	
0 you 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	
1 first and foremost ... the reason to go see `` blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .	
1 this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .	
0 the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	
0 everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .	
1 not since ghostbusters has a film used manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .	
0 the script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .	
1 to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .	
1 darkly funny and frequently insightful .	
1 the most ingenious film comedy since being john malkovich .	
0 an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .	
1 at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .	
1 light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .	
0 the biggest problem with roger avary 's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	
1 exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .	
1 but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	
1 my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .	
0 a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .	
0 despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , harry potter and the chamber of secrets finds a way to make j.k. rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .	
0 the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	
0 degenerates into hogwash .	
0 each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .	
0 whether jason x is this bad on purpose is never clear .	
0 an undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	
0 coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .	
0 this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .	
1 me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .	
0 the only thing to fear about `` fear dot com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	
1 the film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	
0 seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .	
0 an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .	
0 new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .	
1 fun and nimble .	
0 neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	
0 a dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .	
0 what more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	
0 the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	
1 an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	
1 the pianist is polanski 's best film .	
1 the cast is phenomenal , especially the women .	
1 not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .	
0 no amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	
0 the thing just never gets off the ground .	
1 special p.o.v. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense imax screen .	
1 exciting documentary .	
1 over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .	
1 for all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between sullivan and his son .	
1 directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	
0 just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .	
0 i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin ' down .	
1 in a summer overrun with movies dominated by cgi aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	
0 for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .	
0 this one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	
0 `` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	
0 bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .	
0 most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .	
1 elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	
0 the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .	
1 a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .	
1 a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .	
1 this is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .	
0 an already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .	
1 proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	
0 i have to admit i walked out of runteldat .	
1 adaptation is simply brilliant .	
1 fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and director phillip noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	
0 but the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences	
1 despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	
0 if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	
0 the french director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	
0 it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .	
0 it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .	
1 a conventional but heartwarming tale .	
1 you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .	
0 a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	
0 how about surprising us by trying something new ?	
1 secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	
1 a smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .	
1 a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	
1 wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , daniel auteuil , have a whale of a good time .	
0 by that measure , it is a failure .	
0 but it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .	
1 a minor film with major pleasures from portuguese master manoel de oliviera ...	
1 it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .	
1 it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing	
1 a brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .	
1 exciting and well-paced .	
1 the history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .	
1 great character interaction .	
0 if there was any doubt that peter o'fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , a rumor of angels should dispel it .	
1 a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .	
1 an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .	
0 due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .	
