1 funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	
1 cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .	
1 fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	
0 after that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .	
0 what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .	
0 nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .	
1 the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	
1 `` red dragon '' is entertaining .	
0 despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .	
1 a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .	
1 the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	
0 it appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	
1 as the movie traces mr. brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	
1 the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .	
1 by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .	
1 this chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	
1 cho 's timing is priceless .	
1 it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .	
0 much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .	
1 the performances are an absolute joy .	
1 sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	
1 the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	
0 swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	
1 spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	
0 a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '	
1 such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us `` the skulls '' and last year 's `` rollerball . ''	
0 an empty , purposeless exercise .	
1 if you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	
0 it 's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	
0 devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	
0 i 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by vincent r. nebrida or the gutless direction by laurice guillen .	
1 one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	
0 every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	
0 the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor 's doorstep .	
1 fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	
1 wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	
1 top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	
1 this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .	
1 a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	
1 gives everyone something to shout about .	
1 the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .	
0 it could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director clare peploe 's misunderstanding of marivaux 's rhythms , and mira sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .	
1 enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	
1 armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .	
1 an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	
1 that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	
1 promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .	
0 a peculiar misfire that even tunney ca n't save .	
0 a word of advice to the makers of the singles ward : celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	
1 the delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .	
0 final verdict : you 've seen it all before .	
1 the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	
0 you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	
1 the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .	
0 the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... it 's a pity that nelson 's achievement does n't match his ambition .	
1 maggie smith as the ya-ya member with the o2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	
1 when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	
0 the only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .	
1 overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	
0 shallow , noisy and pretentious .	
1 with or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	
0 an inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	
0 ms. phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	
1 assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from hong kong 's versatile stanley kwan .	
1 `` frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .	
1 brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .	
0 it 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .	
0 the film is all over the place , really .	
1 it 's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	
1 a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .	
1 a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	
0 loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .	
1 a moving story of determination and the human spirit .	
0 turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters	
0 slap me , i saw this movie .	
1 miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	
1 this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .	
0 evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .	
1 consistently clever and suspenseful .	
0 just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .	
1 a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .	
1 director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of `` iris '' or `` american beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	
0 it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	
1 a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	
1 at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .	
0 a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '	
1 directed with purpose and finesse by england 's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .	
1 turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts	
0 godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	
0 it 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	
1 a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .	
1 salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a mexican icon .	
0 there 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .	
0 lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	
0 a doa dud from frame one .	
1 i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .	
1 the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .	
1 it 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	
1 far more enjoyable than its predecessor .	
0 there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .	
0 the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .	
1 a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	
1 driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	
0 if that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .	
1 a small movie with a big impact .	
0 a period story about a catholic boy who tries to help a jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	
0 seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	
0 a relative letdown .	
1 an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching or turntablism in particular .	
0 rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	
0 this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	
0 this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .	
1 peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .	
0 chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	
0 an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	
1 mr. deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .	
1 while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .	
1 a movie of riveting power and sadness .	
0 mr. goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .	
0 sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate jim carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	
1 the mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .	
0 so bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled generic jennifer lopez romantic comedy .	
0 forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	
1 but believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i 've seen .	
1 it 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	
0 the movie is a desperate miscalculation .	
1 it 's a masterpeice .	
1 at least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .	
1 diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .	
0 before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .	
0 humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	
1 easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-semitism ever seen on screen .	
1 by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .	
1 just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .	
1 most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .	
1 `` frailty '' starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different and better than most films with this theme .	
1 woody allen has really found his groove these days .	
0 hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	
1 one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .	
0 the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .	
0 the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	
0 the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	
0 our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and i know this because i 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	
1 hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	
0 the story of trouble every day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	
1 the actors are fantastic .	
1 for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .	
1 a gripping drama .	
0 guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	
0 it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	
0 a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy french grandfather .	
0 a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	
1 charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie .	
1 the pleasure of read my lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .	
1 marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .	
1 congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !	
1 because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .	
0 how inept is serving sara ?	
0 poor ben bratt could n't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	
0 a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	
1 perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .	
1 this movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	
1 it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .	
0 partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .	
1 consider it ` perfection . '	
1 good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .	
0 a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	
0 sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	
1 smart and taut .	
0 apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present hollywood program .	
0 on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	
0 in other words , it 's badder than bad .	
0 another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .	
1 all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	
0 a chiller resolutely without chills .	
0 to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	
0 my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...	
1 real women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .	
0 epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .	
1 this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	
0 a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .	
1 more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	
1 there 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that 's part of what makes dover kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .	
0 it would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of oscar wilde 's classic satire .	
1 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` memento ''	
0 adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .	
1 a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	
0 the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	
0 a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	
1 literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	
0 shankman ... and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .	
1 with this masterful , flawless film , wang emerges in the front ranks of china 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	
1 i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .	
1 brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	
0 an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	
0 it 's pauly shore awful .	
1 a coming-of-age movie that hollywood would n't have the guts to make .	
1 a well-executed spy-thriller .	
1 we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	
0 even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	
1 although what time offers tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .	
0 does n't add up to much .	
0 no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	
0 if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .	
1 beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .	
0 sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .	
0 rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .	
1 this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	
1 one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .	
0 a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .	
1 the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen vega and juni sabara cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	
0 take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a mexican soap opera .	
1 pacino is the best he 's been in years and keener is marvelous .	
1 the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .	
0 there 's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .	
0 there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	
0 there are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	
0 just dreadful .	
0 the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	
0 killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	
0 any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .	
1 a finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .	
0 the first fatal attraction was vile enough .	
1 it 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	
0 one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .	
0 it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .	
0 the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .	
0 with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	
0 an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	
1 a sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in renaissance spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .	
0 distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	
1 the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .	
0 the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for damon\/bourne or his predicament .	
1 sweet and memorable film .	
1 no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing .	
1 the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	
1 fantastic !	
0 the slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .	
0 there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	
0 looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	
1 a wry , affectionate delight .	
1 features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	
0 wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .	
0 not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .	
1 the kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	
1 works as pretty contagious fun .	
0 every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	
1 a fanciful drama about napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .	
0 maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	
1 the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .	
0 as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	
1 schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park as well as one , ms. mirren , who did , has succeeded beyond all expectation .	
1 irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	
1 a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .	
1 because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .	
0 eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .	
0 the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	
1 just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	
1 so original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	
1 what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	
1 a time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .	
1 a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	
1 for devotees of french cinema , safe conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	
1 vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	
0 as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .	
1 beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .	
0 the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	
0 i hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of high art .	
0 hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	
1 the all-french cast is marveilleux .	
0 the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .	
0 it may as well be called `` jar-jar binks : the movie . ''	
1 not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	
0 a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .	
1 there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .	
1 one of the funnier movies in town .	
0 the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	
1 there 's no reason to miss interview with the assassin	
0 men in black ii achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as whiffle-ball epic .	
1 leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	
0 a thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` the thing ' and a geriatric ` scream . '	
1 astonishing ... frames profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .	
1 best indie of the year , so far .	
1 classic cinema served up with heart and humor	
1 a rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	
0 slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .	
1 this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .	
0 a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains ... crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .	
0 several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''	
1 a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .	
0 enough said , except : film overboard !	
0 and it 's a lousy one at that .	
1 more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	
1 reassuring , retro uplifter .	
1 call it magic realism or surrealism , but miss wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .	
0 it would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	
0 we 've liked klein 's other work but rollerball left us cold .	
0 nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	
1 so beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .	
0 less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .	
1 beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	
0 a sentimental mess that never rings true .	
1 macdowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	
1 the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .	
1 i was amused and entertained by the unfolding of bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	
0 i 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : this erotic cannibal movie is boring .	
1 if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	
0 the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	
1 this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	
1 despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .	
1 the best thing i can say about this film is that i ca n't wait to see what the director does next .	
0 why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?	
0 a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	
1 many a parent and their teen or preteen kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .	
0 not only are the film 's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	
0 a depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	
1 what i saw , i enjoyed .	
1 his work with actors is particularly impressive .	
1 the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	
0 this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '	
0 tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	
1 exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	
0 franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	
1 ms. seigner and mr. serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .	
0 predictably soulless techno-tripe .	
0 mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	
0 this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	
0 a zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	
1 young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	
0 suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	
1 insomnia is one of the year 's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .	
0 once she lets her love depraved leads meet , denis ' story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	
1 leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .	
0 the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	
1 apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .	
0 an amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .	
1 the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	
1 rarely have i seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .	
1 miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	
1 an enjoyable experience .	
0 ` this movie sucks . '	
1 a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .	
1 the film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	
1 eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	
0 makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	
1 it 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .	
0 because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .	
1 this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .	
0 the kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .	
1 a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .	
0 to better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and i wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .	
1 a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	
1 these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	
1 bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	
1 this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what evans had , lost , and got back .	
0 what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks at least during their '70s heyday comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	
1 an hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	
0 should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	
0 there 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .	
1 if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .	
1 there is greatness here .	
1 it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	
1 a classy , sprightly spin on film .	
1 extraordinary debut from josh koury .	
0 of all the halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	
0 suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .	
0 my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .	
0 boring and meandering .	
1 move over bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .	
0 highly uneven and inconsistent ... margarita happy hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	
1 this may be burns 's strongest film since the brothers mcmullen .	
1 filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	
0 even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	
1 the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` jackass '' fan could want .	
1 this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	
0 or maybe `` how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''	
1 a very charming and funny movie .	
0 so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	
0 this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .	
1 soderbergh , like kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .	
1 puts to rest any thought that the german film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .	
1 really quite funny .	
0 as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer jeremy renner and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	
0 the notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced prozac nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	
0 hate it because it 's lousy .	
1 a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .	
0 a film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	
1 it 's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .	
1 invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	
0 a loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the tv series .	
1 the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	
1 a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .	
0 weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	
1 an inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	
0 those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	
0 the most horrific movie experience i 've had since `` ca n't stop the music . ''	
1 one fantastic and educational documentary .	
1 a brutal and funny work .	
1 an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	
1 simply put , `` far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .	
0 this is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	
1 huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	
1 there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	
1 the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .	
0 the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	
1 manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .	
1 the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	
0 the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .	
0 we never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	
1 a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	
1 this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	
1 a fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system	
1 writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	
1 brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .	
0 a ` girls gone wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .	
1 an emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	
0 unfortunately , it 's also not very good .	
0 i ca n't recommend it .	
1 a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .	
1 it 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	
0 it does n't work as either .	
0 may cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .	
1 a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .	
0 deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i.q. than when i had entered .	
1 goofy , nutty , consistently funny .	
1 it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .	
0 a rip-off twice removed , modeled after seagal 's earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .	
1 he makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .	
0 like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	
1 it 's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	
0 one of the most highly-praised disappointments i 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	
0 frustratingly refuses to give pinochet 's crimes a political context	
1 in his u.s. debut , mr. schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	
1 unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	
0 sade achieves the near-impossible : it turns the marquis de sade into a dullard .	
1 it 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .	
0 a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	
1 kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	
0 even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	
1 this is pure , exciting moviemaking .	
1 the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .	
0 there 's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	
1 scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	
1 the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .	
1 as an actress , madonna is one helluva singer .	
0 it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	
1 it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .	
0 too bad none of it is funny .	
0 the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .	
1 mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .	
1 a hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as grant 's two best films -- four weddings and a funeral and bridget jones 's diary .	
0 one of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms. spears .	
1 admirers of director abel ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , r xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	
1 one of the best rock documentaries ever .	
1 impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` manhunter ' was .	
1 a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .	
0 nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .	
1 about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	
1 narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .	
1 warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .	
1 a funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	
1 the story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr. day-lewis roars with leonine power .	
1 parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	
1 its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .	
0 in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	
0 horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	
0 an awful lot like one of spears ' music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	
0 is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	
0 what a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	
1 it is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .	
0 a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	
0 it 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante 's similarly styled gremlins .	
1 spiderman rocks	
1 these people are really going to love the piano teacher .	
0 stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	
1 a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	
1 hard , endearing , caring , warm .	
1 nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .	
1 it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .	
0 a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	
0 every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .	
0 lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .	
0 instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture	
1 a stylish thriller .	
0 the most repugnant adaptation	
0 equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	
1 a breathtaking adventure for all ages , spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	
0 it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	
0 the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	
1 the entire cast is extraordinarily good .	
0 `` interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	
0 an extremely unpleasant film .	
1 speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	
1 it 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .	
0 one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .	
1 give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	
1 while it 's nothing we have n't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	
0 some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	
0 it 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	
1 texan director george ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	
